1431551749
Application	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
AvatarUploader	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	class AvatarUploader 
Bottle	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/bottle.rb	class Bottle 
Box	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/box.rb	class Box 
BoxItem	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/box_item.rb	class BoxItem 
Brand	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/brand.rb	class Brand 
BrandTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/models/brand_test.rb	class BrandTest 
BrandsController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	class BrandsController 
BrandsControllerTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/controllers/brands_controller_test.rb	class BrandsControllerTest 
BrandsHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/brands_helper.rb	module BrandsHelper
COLOURS	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  COLOURS =
Defaults	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	class Defaults 
EntriesController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	class EntriesController 
EntriesControllerTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/controllers/entries_controller_test.rb	class EntriesControllerTest 
EntriesHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/entries_helper.rb	module EntriesHelper
Entry	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/entry.rb	class Entry 
EntryTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/models/entry_test.rb	class EntryTest 
Initialize	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/db/migrate/20150413140304_initialize.rb	class Initialize 
Interpol	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/config/application.rb	module Interpol
Invite	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/invite.rb	class Invite 
Magick	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/magick.rb	class Magick 
Note	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/note.rb	class Note 
PASS_COLOUR	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  PASS_COLOUR =
PASS_DESSERT	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  PASS_DESSERT =
PageController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/page_controller.rb	class PageController 
PageControllerTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/controllers/page_controller_test.rb	class PageControllerTest 
PageHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/page_helper.rb	module PageHelper
Polish	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish.rb	class Polish 
PolishLayer	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish_layer.rb	class PolishLayer 
PolishTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/models/polish_test.rb	class PolishTest 
PolishVersion	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish_version.rb	class PolishVersion 
PolishesController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	class PolishesController 
PolishesControllerTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/controllers/polishes_controller_test.rb	class PolishesControllerTest 
PolishesHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/polishes_helper.rb	module PolishesHelper
REPLACEMENTS	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  REPLACEMENTS =
RESERVED_NAMES	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  RESERVED_NAMES =
SYSTEM_NAMES	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/defaults.rb	  SYSTEM_NAMES =
Synonym	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/synonym.rb	class Synonym 
TestCase	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/models/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/test/controllers/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
base_thumb_url	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/bottle.rb	  def base_thumb_url;
brand_params	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	    def brand_params
cancel_invite	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def cancel_invite
change	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/db/migrate/20150413140304_initialize.rb	  def change
composite	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/magick.rb	  def self.composite(front, back, output = nil, options ='', mask = '')
convert	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/magick.rb	  def self.convert(source, options, output = nil)
create	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def create
crop_and_resize	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def crop_and_resize(c = '192x192+0+0', width = 192)
crop_coords	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :invite_phrase, :crop_coords
current_user	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
current_user_session	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user_session
default_url	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def default_url
destroy	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def edit
entry_params	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	    def entry_params
excluded_name?	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def excluded_name?
extension_white_list	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def extension_white_list;
filename	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def filename
generate_word	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/invite.rb	  def self.generate_word
give_invites	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def give_invites;
give_to	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/invite.rb	  def self.give_to 
index	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/page_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def index
invite_phrase	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :invite_phrase, :crop_coords
lab?	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def lab?
make_default_boxes	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def make_default_boxes
name_or_number?	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish.rb	  def name_or_number?
name_or_number_to_slug	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish.rb	  def name_or_number_to_slug
name_to_slug	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def name_to_slug
name_to_slug	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/brand.rb	  def name_to_slug
new	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def new
path	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/magick.rb	  def self.path;
polish_params	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	    def polish_params
resize	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def resize(source, width = 48)
set_brand	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	    def set_brand
set_entry	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	    def set_entry
set_polish	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	    def set_polish
set_section	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def set_section
set_user	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def set_user
show	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def show
store_dir	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/uploaders/avatar_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
synonym_list	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/brand.rb	  def synonym_list;
synonym_list=	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/brand.rb	  def synonym_list=(names) 
to_param	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def to_param;
to_param	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/polish.rb	  def to_param;
to_param	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/brand.rb	  def to_param;
update	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/entries_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/polishes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/brands_controller.rb	  def update
user_params	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def user_params
valid_invite?	/Users/fish/Dropbox/work/Interpol/app/models/user.rb	  def valid_invite?
